Read for instruction on how to run and modify this Python module:
- First, Of course you would have to download all the necessary apps to run, including an IDE (I would recommend VS code), and python (not to install the lastest version of Python like 3.13.2, the recommended version is 3.10.10)
- Secondly, Install all the dependencies, instruction is in the README.md file, these are essential for running YOLO model on GPU to optimize performance.
- Trying to run main.py to run everything, including PLC connection, model detection, and interface. All of these have been integrated in a single GUI to make it easier for users to use
- What to notice in this working directory here is that:
+ helping_tools folder is mainly for files that assisting in capturing the image, renaming images in order, and organzing image dataset. As the name suggests, it doesn't directly relevant to the main.py file. When you run the main file, it wouldn't call out or import the helping_tools folder and any python files inside this folder
+ "images" is the folder to contain images, which later are used as a dataset for training YOLO model.
+ "interface" including FirstLabel, SecondLabel, ThirdLabel, and FourthLabel, which are the specific regions of the GUI. This folder is imported in main, which also means that any modification in this folder will impact the performance and widget placement, please be careful.
+ "PLC" is about PLC connection, using the connection method called ModbusTCP/IP to connect to server. The predefined functions like: connect_plc, or write, or read serve as for the purpose of simplifying writing and reading signals from PLC
+ "model" is also one of the most important file in this working directory. It's all about training model, containing csv file training log, pytorch model ready to be deployed, and scripts to run inference. If you wanna test to run how it work, please run: python model/run_yolov10s. Also notice the ObjectDetection.py file, as it links directly to the FirstLabel interface, and main.py file. It returns detected frame, and FirstLabel will do the work of displaying or showing this frame.
